There are no prerequisites to take our training program.Our program is designed in such a way that itenables participants from the foundational level to intermediate level to advanced level. We haveprograms for various types of learners, from schools to professionals to executives.


Data science is the ability to take data,to be able to understand it,to process it,to extract value from it,to visualize it, to communicate it that’s going to be a hugely important skill in the next decades.”



We offer several Applied Artificial Intelligence courses. Under the academic program, we offer elective and main courses for schools, colleges, and universities. Also, we provide a training program for professional level and executive level for career transition and skill advancements.


You can pay by credit card, by bank transfer, or even by cheque. More details on the accepted methods of payment and deadlines can be found on our course payment page.


Our program offers these levels: Professional level, Executive level and student level Each of these levels is subdivided into different standards.


You will receive an email containing your login information one business day prior to join the course.


Each course description includes a registration link. you can register by that link.


No, you can complete the coursework at a time that is most convenient for you!.


You will get access to comprehensive courses, quizzes and assignment. This will allow you to evaluate your learning and measure your progress.


you can go through the sample course and it would give you a clear insight into how are the courses available.


Data Science course provides hands-on exposure to key technologies including R, Python, Machine Learning, Tableau, Hadoop, and Spark via live interaction with practitioners, practical labs, and industry projects.


We highly recommend completing the courses in the order presented because the content in each course builds on information from earlier lessons.




All the reading materials you are required to access are included with your course. you dont need any text books.



Please provide us your complaint in order to assist you.



You can just easily create a new account from our web site", "Just go to our web site and follow the guidelines to create a new account.



Tell me how can assist you.